bugfix; Update status when configmap/secret failed to merge initially (#470)
giantswarm/app-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Update the status when failed to merge configMaps/secrets on the initial reconciliation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the status when failing to merge configMaps or secrets on the initial reconciliation.
```
